>> Jon Kuperman: For this one, just
trying to get the image to display a few
different images based on size, so
go ahead and jump over in srcset.pug.
So we'll see right now,
we just have this plain image source.
So I might just move it to something like,
first,
we'll need to change src to be srcset.
And then we'll just start displaying
our different sizes that we want.
So we can do maybe some squares,
just to make things a little easier.
So we can do 400 by 400, and
we'll set that for 400 width.
Then we'll do the same thing again,
but we'll do 600 by 600, and
we'll set that to 600 width.
And we'll do one more that's 1,000 by
1,000, we'll set that to 1,000 width.
Cool, so we've got the source set now
with these three different sizes.
So we'll hop back into the debugger,
I'm gonna go ahead and
move this over to the side here,
and we'll just try a hard refresh.
So we can see on the small screen here,
when you refresh the page,
you get this 600 by 600 one.
If we make it a little smaller and
refresh again, grab that there,
we should see the 400
by 400 size down there.
And then what's kind of interesting about
it is that it will refetch images going in
one direction but not the other.
So the demo that we can see for
that is, if we hit the page for
the first time here, and
we get this 400 by 400 pixel image.
And then what we try to do is just for
responsive sake,
we start making the screen
a little bit bigger.
Once it hits that, almost like
a media query or a break point,
it'll pop in the new image, now you
can see the 600 by 600 image is there.
Whereas, if you start going smaller again,
it will never go back to the 400
by 400 without a refresh.
And so the thinking here is that
network calls are really expensive.
And so if you have a big image,
and it's already been loading and
you've already rendered it, and
you start shrinking the screen, it's
really not that much cost for Chrome to
shrink the image and repaint the screen.
Whereas, if you have a really small image,
like that 400 by 400 one,
you start expanding the screen, the
quality is gonna degrade significantly.
So it's worth it to the browser to go out
and fetch a bigger image if you're getting
bigger, and
there's a bigger one available.
If you're getting smaller,
it'll just use whatever it has.
So we can that if we expand all
the way out here, it'll go to 6, and
then 1,000 and we get our full
sized 1,000 by 1,000 image here.
Any questions on source set?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
wouldn't a good practice be just to
put the low res version as the source?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, that would be
great, that would probably
be the most performant one.
So if you have a source,
it's only gonna fire on browsers
that don't have the source set.
But it would probably be best
to put your smallest one there.
So on these old browsers, it's probably
a good chance that they have worse network
conditions and worse rendering engines
anyway, just put the small one in there.
I think that's the best practice for sure.